[Text Analytics] Update changelog for 5.1.0-beta.3 release (#12663)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/textanalytics/ai-text-analytics/README.md

## Known Issues

- Currently, the `beginAnalyze` API accepts `includeStatistics` in its options bag, a feature that was not yet supported by the service at the time of the current release. This feature is expected to be supported soon after the release.

> - `beginAnalyzeHealthcare` is still in gated preview and can not be used with AAD credentials. More information (here)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/text-analytics/how-tos/text-analytics-for-health?tabs=ner#request-access-to-the-public-preview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `beginAnalyzeHealthcare` is still in gated preview and can not be used with AAD credentials. For more information, see (the Text Analytics for Health documentation)[https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/text-analytics/how-tos/text-analytics-for-health?tabs=ner#request-access-to-the-public-preview].
```
